Speaker: We Brits are proud of being the most impolite and unfriendly peoples
Receptionist Carol Beer is working in this hospital in Pennsylvania
Woman: Hello
This is my daughter
She's a big, brave girl. And she's gonna have an operation today.
Carol: Name?
Woman: Tell the nice woman, your name!
Danielle: Danielle
Carol: Danielle, what?
Danielle: Danielle Llyod
Carol: Age?
Danielle: Almost 6
Carol: So, 5
Danielle: Yes
Carol: Well, say 5
Carol: Address?
Where do you live?
Danielle: With mummy and daddy
Woman: 17/72 Lincoln Road
Carol: Finally
I'm inputting the details
Woman: They take out Danielle's tonsils
Carol: It's written, two new hip joints
Woman: Oh, no. It's probably a mistake
Carol: Computer says: "No"
Woman: Well. That must be some other Danielle Llyod
There is just one Danielle Llody in our system
Do you want the double hip joints or no?
Woman: No. Clearly she doesn't need it
Carol: Maybe in the future
Woman: Listen! We were at Dr. Phillips and she has definitely an appointment to take out the tonsils
Carol: Computer says: "No"
Woman: Could you ask somebody?
Carol: I could, but ...
Woman: Oh, many thanks. You was a great help
Carol: Oh, do you have some times to fill out our questionnaire?
Would you say. I was A: "totally helpful" or B "extremely helpful"
or C "fucking helpful"